6 + 250 milligrams tablets Fast melts. This medicine brings down high temperatures, also called fever, and relieves pain. This medicine is OK for most children over six years and adults. Do not give it to anyone on this list. Not to anyone with phenylketonuria, a hereditary disease discovered at birth. Not to anyone who is allergic to the ingredients, not to children or adults taking some other medicines. Follow the dosage instructions carefully. Children of different. Ages need different amounts. These are shown in the table C-section 3. Speak to your doctor if anything in this list applies. If your child needs more than the doses shown in the table, speak to your doctor as soon as possible. See Section 3. If your child's pain or fever is not getting better after a few days, talk to your doctor. See Section 3 Now read this whole leaflet carefully before you use this medicine. Keep the leaflet, you might need it again. One what the medicine is for the paracetamol. In Calpol 6 Plus Fast Melts TM is used to relieve pain and slash or bring down fever, high temperature in many conditions including cold and flu, headache, toothache, earache, post immunization, fever, sore throat and other aches and pains. 2 Before giving the medicine to your child. This medicine is suitable for most people, but a few people should not use it. If you are in any doubt, talk to your doctor or pharmacist. Do not give your child this medicine if she he has ever had a bad. Reaction to any of the ingredients If she he is taking anything else with paracetamol in it. If she he has phenylketonuria, a hereditary disease discovered at birth. If any of these applies, get advice from a doctor or pharmacist without using Calpol R. Talk to your doctor or pharmacist if your child has serious kidney or liver problems. If your child is taking any other medicines, including metoclopramide or domperidone. Used to treat nausea and vomiting. Cholestyramine Used to treat high cholesterol. Anticoagulants Drugs that thin the blood, such as warfarin. Anticonvulsants. Drugs to treat epilepsy. Flukloxacin Antibiotic due to a serious risk of blood and fluid abnormality. High anion gap metabolic acidosis that must have urgent treatment and which may occur particularly in case of severe renal impairment. Sepsis when bacteria. And their toxins circulate in the blood, leading to organ damage, malnutrition, chronic alcoholism, and. If the maximum daily doses of paracetamol are used. If you are not sure about the medicine your child is taking, show the bottle or pack to your pharmacist. If any of these bullet points apply, talk to a doctor or pharmacist. If adults take this medicine, the following additional warnings are included in case an adult takes this product. You can use this medicine while you are taking oral. The pill, but it may not work so well on your pain or fever if you drink large amounts of alcohol. Talk to your doctor before you take this medicine. You may be more open to the side effects of paracetamol if this applies to you. Talk to a doctor before use. This section is continued over the Page 1 turnover. MMM Page 112 millimetres 14 millimetres 145 millimeters 51.621112 Artworks ID Languages job slash version No date project name slash design New component slash item code Old component slash item code. Product euro code slash mat ID code pentone 485 C litho offset black litho offset gibeon taskal polenta strict 6 plus on task rich fast melts on task null MG Ontario Einstein's wife here as Ontario PEL representation colours represented with a diagonal line have been modified to aid before giving the medicine to your child continued. If necessary, the medicine can be used during pregnancy. You should use the lowest possible dose that reduces your pain and or your fever and use it for the shortest time possible. Contact your doctor or pharmacist if the pain and or fever are not reduced or if you need to take the medicine more often. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine. If you are breastfeeding. If you have high blood pressure, this product should be used short term unless directed by a doctor. Some of the ingredients can cause problems. This medicine contains 8 milligrams aspartame E 951 in each tablet. Aspartame is a source of phenylalanine. It may be harmful if you have Phenylketonuria PKU, a rare genetic disorder in which phenylalanine builds up because the body cannot remove it properly. This medicine contains mannitol E 421, which may have a mild laxative effect. This medicine contains 0.00. 064 milligrams benzyl alcohol in each tablet. Benzyl alcohol may cause allergic reactions. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, or if you have a liver or kidney disease. This is because large amounts of benzyl alcohol can build up in your body and may cause side effects called metabolic acidosis. This medicine contains 0.0011 G glucose in each tablet. If you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars, contact your doctor before taking this. Medicine 3. How to use this medicine Check the table to see how much medicine to use for oral use only. To remove tablet, use a fingernail to break the foil along the dotted line before pressing the tablet out. Tablets can be sucked gently until they melt on the tongue. There is no need to take water as they melt into a pleasant tasting paste which is easily swallowed. Alternatively, the tablets can be dissolved in a teaspoon of water or milk if preferred. Do not give more medicine. Then the label tells you too. If your child does not get better, talk to your doctor. Do not give anything else containing paracetamol while giving this medicine. Children under six years Not recommended for children under six years old. Ask your pharmacist to recommend a suitable product. Children from six years to adults Child's age How much? Up to four times a day 6 to 9 years 1 tablet 9 to 12 years 2 tablets 12 to 16 years 2 to 3 tablets Adults and children. Over 16 years, two to four tablets. Do not give more than 4 doses in any 24 hour period. Leave at least 4 hours between doses. Do not give this medicine to your child for more than three days without speaking to your doctor or pharmacist. Speak to your doctor if your child needs more than the doses shown in the table. Speak to your doctor as soon as possible if your child's pain or fever is not getting better after a few days. Talk to your doctor if anyone has too much. Talk to a doctor at once if your child takes. Too much of this medicine, even if they seem well. This is because too much paracetamol can cause delayed serious liver damage. If you forget to give the medicine. Give the next dose when needed, provided that the last dose was given at least four hours ago. Do not give a double dose. Fear possible site FS Kalpos X plus Fast Melts TM can have side effects like all medicines, although these don't affect everyone and are usually mild. This section is continued on the. Next page. MMM Page 214 millimeters 12 millimeters 145 millimeters 4 Possible side Effects continued Tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these allergic reactions, including swelling of the face, tongue, or throat, difficulty swallowing, unexplained wheezing, shortness of breath, rash or hives, becoming unusually tired, unexpected bruising or bleeding, and getting more infections such as colds than usual. These are very rare effects in people taking paracetamol. Very rare cases of serious skin reactions have been reported. Symptoms may include skin reddening, blisters, rash. If skin reactions occur or existing skin symptoms worsen, stop use and seek medical help right away. If your child shows any of these signs, stop giving paracetamol and talk to a doctor right away. Long term use. People who use medicines containing paracetamol every day for a long time, several months or more could get certain side effects, including liver and kidney damage. People taking paracetamol in the usual way for shorter periods have not had these problems, but liver function tests may be affected. If you notice any side effects not included in this leaflet, please tell your. Doctor or pharmacist reporting of side effects. If you get any side effects, talk to your doctor, pharmacist, or nurse. This includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet. You can also report side effects directly via the yellow card scheme at http://www.tim hrauk slash Yellow card or search for MHRA yellow card in the Google Play or Apple App Store. By reporting side effects, you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine. 5 Storing this medicine Keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children. This medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions. Do not use after the end of the month shown as an expiry date on the packaging. Do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste. Ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use. These measures will help protect the environment. 6 Further information What's in this? Medicine The active ingredient is paracetamol, 250 milligrams per tablet. Other ingredients are Manitol E 421, crosbadone, aspartame E951, magnesium stearate, basic butylated methacrylate, copolymer, polyacrylate dispersion 30%, and colloidal and hydrosilica. The flavoring is strawberry containing benzyl alcohol and glucose. What the medicine looks like Calpol 6 Plus Fast Melts TM. Flavored tablets which melt in your mouth. Available in packs of 12 and 24 tablets, each tablet contains 250 milligrams of the active ingredient paracetamol. The marketing authorization holder is McNeil products limited, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire HP12 4EG UK manufacturer Yacht NTL consumer health, France SRS dominity migramon Vance ET Milton Valdez, France. This leaflet was revised. October 2023. Cal Paul R is a registered trademark. Calpol 6 Plus Fast Melts TM is a trademark. 55200 and 50mm page 312 millimeters 14 millimeters 145 millimeters 4 to 964XXXX X 111014 Redirection Leitus Pharma code aligned to LHS move the right code bar 0.5mm to the right. 
