Created by Espadas, Gabriel, last modified on Jun 23, 2025
1. Problem Statement
Extended Producer Responsibility is a regulatory framework that obliges Kenvue to pay taxes on the amount of packaging materials produced as part of the products sold.

In order to calculate the tax, we must first determine the volume and type of packaging material involved. To do this, we rely on 6 attributes from the Harmonized BOM data asset.

Packaging Level, Component Type, Component Material, Material Composition, Weight, and UoM

However, plenty of data for those attributes is missing or wrong. When this happens, Kenvue had to take some conservative assumptions that

a) Are difficult to trace and audit and

b) Results in potentially higher taxes than we are supposed to pay.

This is meant to be fixed at the data source. However, there is a chance that we can self-heal some of those attributes using Machine Learning and AI in order to speed up and guide the data remediation.

2. Solution Approach
Our solution used intelligent AI Agent to fill gaps through: Multi-step reasoning workflow, packaging knowledge base utilization, semantic similarity matching, and LLM knowledge base. Each attributes have its own strategies and steps to predict gaps: 

Component Type Prediction:

 



Material & Composition Prediction





Material & Composition Prediction





Packaging Level Mapping





Agentic Workflow Overview





3. Scope
All packaging components from the DQ Report dataset for EPR. This includes all brands and regions worldwide. 

4. Stakeholders


DTO Capability Owner: Srini Chellavel

Data: Megan Fodor

5. Engagement Frequency
Daily standup

6. Implementation Team
AI-Squad: Gabriel Espadas, Aditya Singh

7. Phases
7.1. Evaluation
Timeframe: 1st - 11th April

Scope: All DQ Report.

Target: Confirm feasibility, Data Requirements, Assessment of resources and timelines required for scale up, Estimation of Benefits. 

7.2. Implementation
Timeframe: 1st May - 30th June

Scope: All DQ Report.

Target: Fill up all missing/incorrect data and get feedback. 

8. High Level Technical Solution


9. Bitbucket


10. Jira
(Create a single Epic to collect all tasks)

11. Teams Channel
General | Kenvue Sustainability Analytics | Microsoft Teams

12. Backups
Sample AI Output:

EPR_Full_Prediction_Latest.xlsx
