SixPlus 250 mg tablets FASTMELTS . This medicine brings down high temperatures 
(also called fever) and relieves pain. This medicine is OK for most children over 6 
years and adults. Do not give it to anyone on this list: Not to anyone with 
phenylketonuria (a hereditary disease discovered at birth). See section 2 . Not to 
anyone who is allergic to the ingredients. See section 6 . Not to children or adults 
taking some other medicines. See section 2 . Follow the dosage instructions 
carefully. Children of different ages need different amounts. These are shown in the 
table. See section 3 . Speak to your doctor if anything in this list applies: If your 
child needs more than the doses shown in the table, speak to your doctor as soon as 
possible. See section 3 . If your child's pain or fever is not getting better after a few 
days talk to your doctor. See section 3 . Now read this whole leaflet carefully before 
you use this medicine. Keep the leaflet: you might need it again. 1 What the medicine 
is for The paracetamol in CALPOL SIXPLUS FASTMELTS(tm) is used to relieve pain and / or 
bring down fever (high temperature) in many conditions including cold and flu, 
headache, toothache, earache, post-immunisation fever, sore throat and other aches 
and pains. 2 Before giving the medicine to your child This medicine is suitable for most 
people but a few people should not use it. If you are in any doubt, talk to your doctor or 
pharmacist. Do not give your child this medicine. If s/he has ever had a bad 
reaction to any of the ingredients. If s/he is taking anything else with paracetamol in 
it. If s/he has phenylketonuria (a hereditary disease discovered at birth.) If any of 
these applies, get advice from a doctor or pharmacist without using CALPOL (r) . Talk to 
your doctor or pharmacist. If your child has serious kidney or liver problems. If 
your child is taking any other medicines including: metoclopramide or domperidone 
(used to treat nausea and vomiting ) . cholestyramine (used to treat high cholesterol ) 
. anticoagulants (drugs that thin the blood, such as warfarin) . anticonvulsants (drugs 
to treat epilepsy ) . flucloxacilin (antibiotic), due to a serious risk of blood and fluid 
abnormality (high anion gap metabolic acidosis) that must have urgent treatment and 
which may occur particularly in case of severe renal impairment, sepsis (when 
bacteria and their toxins circulate in the blood leading to organ damage), malnutrition, 
chronic alcoholism, and if the maximum daily doses of paracetamol are used. If you 
are not sure about the medicine your child is taking, show the bottle or pack to your 
pharmacist. If any of these bullet points apply, talk to a doctor or pharmacist. If adults 
take this medicine: The following additional warnings are included in case an adult 
takes this product. You can use this medicine while you are taking oral 
contraceptives ('the pill'), but it may not work so well on your pain or fever. If you 
drink large amounts of alcohol, talk to your doctor before you take this medicine. You 
may be more open to the side effects of paracetamol. If this applies to you, talk to a 
doctor before use. This section is continued over the page. - 1 - turn over . 5 5 250 mm 
PAGE 1 12 mm 14 mm 145 mm 51.6 2 1 1 12 ArtWorks ID Languages Job / Version No. 
Date Project Name / Design New Component / Item Code Old Component / Item Code 
Product / Eurocode / Mat. ID Code PANTONE 485 C LITHO OFFSET Black LITHO OFFSET 
GB_Calpol_SixPlus_Fastmelts_250mg_12'sand24's_PIL(SNAS BV 3888) 
REPRESENTATION: Colours represented with a diagonal line have been modified to aid 
Before giving the medicine to your child (continued) . If necessary, the 
medicine can be used during pregnancy. You should use the lowest possible dose that 
reduces your pain and/or your fever and use it for the shortest time possible. Contact 
your doctor or pharmacist if the pain and/or fever are not reduced or if you need to 
take the medicine more often. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before 
taking this medicine if you are breastfeeding. If you have high blood pressure, this 
product should be used short term unless directed by a doctor. Some of the 
ingredients can cause problems . This medicine contains 8 mg aspartame (E951) in 
each tablet. Aspartame is a source of phenylalanine. It may be harmful if you have 
phenylketonuria (PKU), a rare genetic disorder in which phenylalanine builds up 
because the body cannot remove it properly. This medicine contains mannitol 
(E421), which may have a mild laxative effect. This medicine contains 0.00064mg 
benzyl alcohol in each tablet. Benzyl alcohol may cause allergic reactions. Ask your 
doctor or pharmacist for advice if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, or if you have a 
liver or kidney disease. This is because large amounts of benzyl alcohol can build-up 
in your body and may cause side effects (called "metabolic acidosis"). This 
medicine contains 0.0011g glucose in each tablet. If you have been told by your doctor 
that you have an intolerance to some sugars, contact your doctor before taking this 
medicine. 3 How to use this medicine Check the table to see how much medicine to 
use. For oral use only. To remove tablet use a fingernail to break the foil along the 
dotted line before pressing the tablet out. Tablets can be sucked gently until they 
melt on the tongue. There is no need to take water as they melt into a pleasant tasting 
paste which is easily swallowed. Alternatively, the tablets can be dissolved in a 
teaspoon of water or milk if preferred. Do not give more medicine than the label tells 
you to. If your child does not get better, talk to your doctor. Do not give anything else 
containing paracetamol while giving this medicine. Children under 6 years Not 
recommended for children under 6 years old. Ask your pharmacist to recommend a 
suitable product. Children from 6 years to adults Child's Age How much - up to 4 times 
a day 6-9 years 1 tablet 9-12 years 2 tablets 12-16 years 2-3 tablets Adults and children 
over 16 years 2-4 tablets . Do not give more than 4 doses in any 24 hour period. 
Leave at least 4 hours between doses. Do not give this medicine to your child for 
more than 3 days without speaking to your doctor or pharmacist. Speak to your doctor: 
. If your child needs more than the doses shown in the table, speak to your doctor as 
soon as possible. If your child's pain or fever is not getting better after a few days 
talk to your doctor. If anyone has too much Talk to a doctor at once if your child takes 
too much of this medicine, even if they seem well. This is because too much 
paracetamol can cause delayed, serious liver damage. If you forget to give the 
medicine Give the next dose when needed, provided that the last dose was given at 
least 4 hours ago. Do not give a double dose. 4 Possible side-effects CALPOL SIXPLUS 
FASTMELTS(tm) can have side-effects, like all medicines, although these don't affect 
everyone and are usually mild. This section is continued on the next page. - 2 - 5 5 250 
mm PAGE 2 14 mm 12 mm 145 mm 4 Possible side-effects (continued) Tell your doctor 
as soon as possible if you notice any of these: allergic reactions including swelling of 
the face, tongue or throat, difficulty swallowing, unexplained wheezing, shortness of 
breath, rash or hives. becoming unusually tired, unexpected bruising or bleeding and 
getting more infections (such as colds) than usual. These are very rare effects in 
people taking paracetamol. very rare cases of serious skin reactions have been 
reported. Symptoms may include: skin reddening, blisters, rash. If skin reactions 
occur or existing skin symptoms worsen, stop use and seek medical help right away. If 
your child shows any of these signs, stop giving paracetamol and talk to a doctor right 
away. Long term use: People who use medicines containing paracetamol every day for 
a long time (several months or more) could get certain side-effects, including liver and 
kidney damage. People taking paracetamol in the usual way for shorter periods have 
not had these problems, but liver function tests may be affected. If you notice any 
side-effects not included in this leaflet please tell your doctor or pharmacist. 
Reporting of side-effects: If you get any side-effects, talk to your doctor, pharmacist or 
nurse. This includes any possible side-effects not listed in this leaflet. You can also 
report side-effects directly via the Yellow Card Scheme at: 
http://www.mhra.gov.uk/yellowcard or search for MHRA Yellow Card in the Google 
Play or Apple App Store. By reporting side-effects you can help provide more 
information on the safety of this medicine. 5 Storing this medicine Keep this medicine 
out of the sight and reach of children. This medicinal product does not require any 
special storage conditions. Do not use after the end of the month shown as an expiry 
date on the packaging. Do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household 
waste. Ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use. These 
measures will help protect the environment. 6 Further Information What's in this 
medicine. The active ingredient is: paracetamol 250 mg per tablet. Other ingredients 
are: Mannitol (E421), crospovidone, aspartame (E951), magnesium stearate, basic 
butylated methacrylate copolymer, polyacrylate dispersion 30% and colloidal 
anhydrous silica. The flavouring is strawberry (containing benzyl alcohol and glucose). 
What the medicine looks like CALPOL SIXPLUS FASTMELTS(tm) are white strawberry 
flavoured tablets which melt in your mouth, available in packs of 12 and 24 tablets. 
Each tablet contains 250 mg of the active ingredient Paracetamol. The Marketing 
Authorisation holder is McNeil Products Limited, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, 
HP12 4EG, UK. Manufacturer: JNTL Consumer Health (France) SAS, Domaine de 
Maigremont, 27100 Val de Reuil, France. This leaflet was revised October 2023. 
CALPOL(r) is a registered trade mark. CALPOL SIXPLUS FASTMELTS(tm) is a trade mark. - 3 
- 5 5 250 mm PAGE 3 12 mm 14 mm 145 mm - 4 - 964 XXXXXX 1 1 10 14 Read Direction 
Laetus Pharma Code aligned to LHS. (move the right codebar 0.5mm to the right)
